Add option to expose stats page per node, and stuff about service monitor relabeling. (#43)
haproxy-ingress/charts: haproxy-ingress/README.md

`controller.serviceMonitor.honorLabels` | HonorLabels chooses the metric's labels on collisions with target labels | `true`
`controller.serviceMonitor.interval` | Prometheus scrape interval | `10s`
`controller.serviceMonitor.params` | Use extra parameters from Prometheus when requesting metrics | `false`

> `controller.serviceMonitor.ctrlMetrics.metricRelabelings` | Metric relabel configs to apply to samples before ingestion | `[]`
> `controller.serviceMonitor.ctrlMetrics.relabelings` | Relabel configs to apply to samples before ingestion | `[]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`controller.serviceMonitor.ctrlMetricRelabelings` | Metric relabel configs apply to metrics after scrape, before ingestion. This applies to the controller metrics. | `[]`
`controller.serviceMonitor.metricRelabelings` | Metric relabel configs apply to metrics after scrape, before ingestion. This applies to HAProxy metrics. | `[]`
`controller.serviceMonitor.relabelings` | Relabel configs to apply to K8s metadata before scrape. Applies to both metrics and ctrl-metrics | `[]`
```
